extra.omnios ooce/application/fcgiwrap
extra.omnios ooce/application/gitea
extra.omnios ooce/application/graphviz
extra.omnios ooce/application/imagemagick
extra.omnios ooce/application/mattermost
extra.omnios ooce/application/mc
extra.omnios ooce/application/php-72
extra.omnios ooce/application/php-73
extra.omnios ooce/application/php-74
extra.omnios ooce/application/php-common
extra.omnios ooce/application/texlive
extra.omnios ooce/application/tidy
extra.omnios ooce/application/vagrant
extra.omnios ooce/audio/flac
extra.omnios ooce/compress/lz4
extra.omnios ooce/compress/pbzip2
extra.omnios ooce/compress/pigz
extra.omnios ooce/database/bdb
extra.omnios ooce/database/lmdb
extra.omnios ooce/database/mariadb-103
extra.omnios ooce/database/mariadb-104
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-10
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-11
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-12
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-96
extra.omnios ooce/database/postgresql-common
extra.omnios ooce/developer/autogen
extra.omnios ooce/developer/ccache
extra.omnios ooce/developer/clang-80
extra.omnios ooce/developer/clang-90
extra.omnios ooce/developer/cmake
extra.omnios ooce/developer/compiler-rt-90
extra.omnios ooce/developer/cunit
extra.omnios ooce/developer/dejagnu
extra.omnios ooce/developer/flamegraph
extra.omnios ooce/developer/go-113
extra.omnios ooce/developer/go-114
extra.omnios ooce/developer/gperf
extra.omnios ooce/developer/llvm-8 r
extra.omnios ooce/developer/llvm-80
extra.omnios ooce/developer/llvm-90
extra.omnios ooce/developer/ninja
extra.omnios ooce/developer/omni
extra.omnios ooce/developer/pkgmgr
extra.omnios ooce/developer/rust
extra.omnios ooce/driver/fuse
extra.omnios ooce/editor/emacs
extra.omnios ooce/editor/joe
extra.omnios ooce/editor/nano
extra.omnios ooce/extra-build-tools
extra.omnios ooce/file/lsof
extra.omnios ooce/file/tree
extra.omnios ooce/kvmadm
extra.omnios ooce/library/bdw-gc
extra.omnios ooce/library/cairo
extra.omnios ooce/library/fcgi2
extra.omnios ooce/library/fontconfig
extra.omnios ooce/library/freetype2
extra.omnios ooce/library/guile
extra.omnios ooce/library/libarchive
extra.omnios ooce/library/libev
extra.omnios ooce/library/libexif
extra.omnios ooce/library/libgd
extra.omnios ooce/library/libid3tag
extra.omnios ooce/library/libidl
extra.omnios ooce/library/libjpeg-turbo
extra.omnios ooce/library/libogg
extra.omnios ooce/library/libpciaccess
extra.omnios ooce/library/libpng
extra.omnios ooce/library/libvncserver
extra.omnios ooce/library/libvorbis
extra.omnios ooce/library/libzip
extra.omnios ooce/library/onig
extra.omnios ooce/library/pango
extra.omnios ooce/library/protobuf
extra.omnios ooce/library/slang
extra.omnios ooce/library/tiff
extra.omnios ooce/library/unistring
extra.omnios ooce/lxadm
extra.omnios ooce/multimedia/exif
extra.omnios ooce/multimedia/ffmpeg
extra.omnios ooce/multimedia/minidlna
extra.omnios ooce/network/fping
extra.omnios ooce/network/irssi
extra.omnios ooce/network/mosh
extra.omnios ooce/network/nsd
extra.omnios ooce/network/openvpn
extra.omnios ooce/network/rclone
extra.omnios ooce/network/smtp/postfix
extra.omnios ooce/network/unbound
extra.omnios ooce/network/znc
extra.omnios ooce/omnios-build-tools
extra.omnios ooce/ooceapps
extra.omnios ooce/print/cups
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/expect
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/node-10
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/node-12
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/node-8
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/ruby-25
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/ruby-26
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/ruby-27
extra.omnios ooce/runtime/tcl
extra.omnios ooce/security/gnupg
extra.omnios ooce/server/nginx
extra.omnios ooce/server/nginx-116
extra.omnios ooce/server/nginx-118
extra.omnios ooce/server/nginx-common
extra.omnios ooce/storage/minio
extra.omnios ooce/storage/minio-mc
extra.omnios ooce/system/file-system/ntfs-3g
extra.omnios ooce/system/htop
extra.omnios ooce/system/mbuffer
extra.omnios ooce/system/smartmontools
extra.omnios ooce/system/sysstat
extra.omnios ooce/system/test/iozone
extra.omnios ooce/system/top
extra.omnios ooce/system/znapzend
extra.omnios ooce/system/zrepl
extra.omnios ooce/text/asciidoc
extra.omnios ooce/text/docbook-xsl
extra.omnios ooce/text/ripgrep
extra.omnios ooce/util/acmefetch
extra.omnios ooce/util/bat
extra.omnios ooce/util/fd
extra.omnios ooce/util/gh
extra.omnios ooce/util/jq
extra.omnios ooce/virtualization/virtualbox
extra.omnios ooce/virtualization/virtualbox/additions
